1. What is Emmmet?
- Emmet is a powerful plugin for increasing productivity for Web developer as HTML and CSS. 
  This plugin is available for various tools, IDEs. This plugin is helping us to write less
  and generate automatically.

2. Difference between a Library and Framework.
-  Library:- A Library is a chunk of code applying to only certain part of our project. The Library 
   provide various feature to an app. A Library contains various files and we can use the library by 
   install particular library and by using "import" command we will use this in our app.

   Framework:- A Framework is a foundation of any project. Mostly A Framework is associated with A
   programming language. A Framework is providing foundation such that we do not need to write 
   everything from scratch. As Example:- During building a home we need a foundation.

3. What is CDN? Why do we use it?
-  CDN:- A CDN is Content Delivery Network. It will help to import any library or file inside our
   project without installing it. It will just provide a link to library or file.It has provide a 
   network to a content therefore it is called as CDN. As Example We can use React As CDN also.

4. Why is React known as React?
-  The name 'React' reflects this "reactive nature of the library" 

5. What is cross-origin in the script tag?
-  First we need to understand what is CORS before moving forward to cross-origin. 

   CORS( Cross Origin Resource Sharing ):- CORS is HTTP-header based mechanism which allow us to
   sharing resource between two different region( region may be like domain base, protocol base,
   port etc).            
     For security purpose, browser restricts us to access any other region file or third party file.
   but We can enable this by writing cross-origin attribute inside our Script Tag.

6. What is the difference between React and ReactDOM?
-  React is a JavaScript library which is responsible for building user interface while ReactDOM 
   deals with JavaScript DOM Elements.
   React is responsible for creating HTML elements and its contents while ReactDOM is responsible for
   creating root and rendering the HTML elements. 

7. What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
-  When I importing react.development.js file via CDN then CDN will load development environment
   library but when i importing react.production.js then CDN loaded production environment react library 
   to our project.
      As a developer, We must importing Development Environment library for developing a project from
   scratch.

8. What are async and defer?
-  As Now, Execution process of element is fixed and therefore one element is dependented on process
   /execution of other element. A Process of current element is waiting until execution of previous
   element is not completed. Therefore some process goes on sleep mode for some
   time until previous is not completed. Therefore Asynchronous process and Parallel processing
   comes in picture.

   Lets take a condition to understand clearly:-
   Suppose, Initially I have only html but during parsing of HTML A javascript Script tag comes in
   picture the waht happens:-

   a. Normally:-
        When a html parsing is going on and a script comes in picture then html parsing paused and 
    It first fetch the script and then it execute the script and after completion of script our html 
    again start pasing .     
    

   b. async:-
        When a html parsing is going on and a script comes in picture then fetch the script from 
    network parallely with html parsing but html parsing stop when fetching of script is done and 
    now it start executing script until it is not completed after completion of script execution
    html parsing again continue.

   c. defer:-
        When a html parsing is going on and a script comes in picture then it first complete the html
    parsing and after completion of html parsing it start fetching the script and after that executing
    the script.          




      